Some students prefer to study at a university close to their hometown. Others prefer to study in a new city or even in another country, so that they can experience life.

Studying at a university is the most important part of life to have a good job in the future. A young man should choose the university he wants to enter and usually he has an opportunity to leave his hometown and move in a new city.

In my opinion, a lot of people would prefer to stay in their hometown to study and to have a comfortable life with parents and friends. They can choose a domain which is needed in their area and enter the university. Such students should not spend additional money to rent an apartment, and for they sure will get support from their relatives and friends. This is possible only when a student has an appropriate university nearby his house. I personally graduated from the Technical University in my hometown which I consider as great experience where I had got knowledge and some good friends.

But, sometimes there is no such an opportunity because of the lack of universities in the area. In this case a young man should leave his hometown and move towards new life. For instance, a lot of students in Moldova who live in the countryside have to go to the capital of the country Chisinau. Moreover, even those who were lucky to be born in the capital move to other countries to have foreign education and a bachelor degree. Moving usually means that a student will have a worse place to live, unexpected friends and no parents to control him. The new experience can form or even change a personality giving him new goals and opportunities to change his life. One of my friends who had decided to learn in Germany started a new life being affected by another culture. She became a vegetarian, started learning linguistic systems and hated bicycles.

In conclusion I would say that nowadays we have a great opportunity to study all over the world. Thus, everyone can choose a place to live, have a better life and get appropriate education.
